You don't know about me without you have read a book by the name of
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer; but that ain't no matter. That book was
made by Mr. Mark Twain, and he told the truth, mainly. There was
things which he stretched, but mainly he told the truth. That is
nothing. I never seen anybody but lied one time or another, without it
was Aunt Polly, or the widow, or maybe Mary. Aunt Polly - Tom's Aunt
Polly, she is, and Mary, and the Widow Douglas is all told about in
that book, which is mostly a true book, with some stretchers, as I
said before. Now the way that the book winds up is this:

Tom and me found the money that the robbers hid in the cave, and it
made us rich. We got $6,000 a piece--all gold. It was an awful sight
of money when it was piled up. Well, Judge Thatcher, he took it and
put it out at interest, and it fetched us a dollar a day apiece all
the year round--more than a body could tell what to do with. The widow
Douglas, she took me for her son, and allowed she would sivilize me;
but it was rough living in the house all the time, considering how
dismal, regular and decent the widow was in all her ways; and so, when
I could stand it no longer, I lit out. I got into my old rags and my
sugar hogshead again, and was free and satisfied. But Tom Sawyer, he
hunted me up and said he was going to start a band of robbers, and I
might join if I would go back to the widow and be respectable. So I
went back.

The stars were shining, and the leaves rustled in the woods ever so
mournful; and I heard an owl, away off, who-whooing about somebody
that was dead, and a whippowill and a dog crying about somebody that
was going to die; and the wind was trying to whisper something to me,
and I couldn't make out what it was, and so it made the cold shivers
run over me. Then away out in the woods I heard that kind of a sound
that a ghost makes when it wants to tell about something that's on its
mind and can't make itself understood, and so can't rest easy in its
grave, and has to go about that way every night grieving. I got so
down-hearted and scared I did wish I had some company. Pretty soon a
spider went crawling up my shoulder, and I flipped it off and it lit
in the candle; and before I could budge it was all shriveled up. I
didn't need anybody to tell me that that was an awful bad sign and
would fetch me some bad luck, so I was scared and most shook the
clothes off of me. I got up and turned around in my tracks three times
and crossed my breast every time; and then I tied up a little lock of
my hair with a thread to keep witches away. But I hadn't no
confidence. You do that when you've lost a horseshoe that you've
found, instead of nailing it up over the door, but I hadn't ever heard
anybody say it was any way to keep off bad luck when you'd killed a
spider.

He was most 50, and he looked it. His hair was long and tangled and
greasy and hung down, and you could see his eyes shining through it
like he was behind vines. It was all black, no gray; so was his long,
mixed-up whiskers. There warn't no colorin his face, where his face
showed--it was white; not like another man's white, but a white to
make a body sick, a whote to make a body's flesh crawl--a tree-toad
white, a fish-belly white. As for his clothes--just rags, that was
all.
